and there just sat potential to marry
two years is a very beautiful winner
puppy class
exhibited its time and fall on
release, too, loves Kolya here he is
very very big way was very
thank you 5 body
good less you body very strong
very massive very active excellent
guard is joy joy by
with respect to the master guard is super
Super guard Th wide chest paw
the backbone is just if the noggin is just gold
gold gold power quality very armchair
packs sent moment obedient
trained
how not to sit like that
seriously let's finish it he you
carries 2 timothy on 80 of the same size
81 kilograms to know that you do not have a photo
actually sit somewhere left
it's terrible he he he inspires
each time getting bigger and bigger
the refusal of the year she Kostya tile powerful
but it will no longer be impossible impossible
send these little into place